Issue template: User story: Always specify feature tier, rather than assume (#14098)
fleetdm/fleet: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/story.md

- [ ] REST API changes: TODO <!-- Specify what changes to the API are required.  Remove this checkbox if there are no changes necessary. The product manager may move this item to the engineering list below if they decide that engineering will design the API changes. -->
- [ ] Permissions changes: TODO <!-- Specify what changes to the permissions are required.  Remove this checkbox if there are no changes necessary. -->
- [ ] Outdated documentation changes: TODO <!-- Specify what changes to the documentation are required. Remove this checkbox if there are no changes necessary. -->

> - [ ] Changes to paid features or tiers: TODO PUT TIER HERE?  <!-- List what aspects of the changes belong to which tier, including Free. Implementation of paid features should live in the `ee/` directory. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Changes to paid features or tiers: TODO  <!-- Specify "Fleet Free" or "Fleet Premium".  If only certain parts of the user story involve paid features, specify which parts.  Implementation of paid features should live in the `ee/` directory. -->
```
